What's the Price of Your Fame?
 
Disclaimer – No matter how good it is, it's still just a piece of fanfiction, but I hope you enjoy it just the same.
Acknowledgements – Thanks as always to the folks on Alpha Fight Club for helping me through the scenes. My betas ZanyMuggle, Aaran St. Vines, and Sparky40sw also deserve a round of thanks for overcoming the real life obstacles and getting this back to me. Finally, Garrett PI and RJ Stone2 get some kudos for lending their insight to this chapter.
Chapter 12 – What's the Price of Your Fame?
November 12th, 1994
"Is that offer to go easy on me still open?" Cedric asks half-jokingly as we approach on the platform. I missed the other two duels from this round, waiting for my garments, but Viktor disposed of Aimee in less than thirty seconds, but that's not the match I really want to watch. From the sounds of the crowd, the duel between Fleur and Athena was noteworthy. Athena won for the second time and Fleur is visibly limping and fuming, but from Bagman's commentary it sounds like she gave the Durmstrang witch a run for her money.
I look at the French referee before smiling. "I went easy on Fleur, so why not?"
Cedric chuckles, "That's your version of easy? Seriously, where'd you learn those spells?"
"Let's just say that people trying to kill me is a wonderful motivational tool. Duel well, Diggory."
"Same to you, Potter."
I spin and set up inside my circle. No discoloration this time. I'll be free to move. How should I open?
"Begin!"
A geyser of water leaves my wand. Cedric freezes it three quarters of the way to him and Animates it, sending the ball of ice rolling my way. I send a Cutter through it, slicing it in two. His wand work transfigures one half into a whitish looking retriever. I take the other half and my white grim pounces on it, dragging both of them off platform onto the ground below. 
He sends a quick Stunner my way hoping that the growling and thrashing distracts me. Years of sleeping in the same dormitory as Ron Weasley, Sirius Black, and Remus Lupin have inoculated me to whimpers, growls and snores of all types. I return fire with my best annoyed look and a Bird Conjuration. Unlike Aimee, I stagger their flight path instead of sending them en masse at my opponent. For good measure, I Engorge one of them from canary to falcon size.
I'd expected the Fire Defense. It works well enough against most animal Summonings. Cedric goes another route – a wide area Bludgeoner, which knocks all but the largest bird out of the air. A Cutter clips those wings and the two canines have some fresh meat to fight over as well.
Launching a ground assault, I Conjure another Pettigrew horde. Altering the plan, I immediately Banish the lot at him. Most overshoot and end up rebounding off the wards and onto the ground, but the few that land on the platform should distract him for a moment.
He conjures a rope, but charms it to act like a whip, snapping at the rats and knocking them away one by one. Not a bad little active defense against all the animals I'm using. Guess I'll have to come up with something that doesn't mind being whipped. I suppose it would be a foul if I summoned Draco from the stands. I'll need a moment for this particular spell. It takes both energy and time.
Cedric sends a range of minor jinxes at me: Tripping, Slug Vomit, and Fumblefingers. It's almost tempting to take the Slug-Vomiting hex; it would provide me with base material for Transfiguring, and he'd be shocked as hell that I could fight through it. I dodge anyway, focusing on not missing the wand movements.
However, I've had enough embarrassment for the morning and Slug Vomiting is notorious for killing an appetite. Besides, I have all the base material I'll need. We're standing on it. I'm not allowed to use his circle, but the pathway and my circle are permissible.
"Golem Mobilis!" Anyone doubting me after this, bugger off! The middle of the platform rises up into a misshapen humanoid figure that starts ambling towards Cedric. It's slow, but sturdy. Cedric hurls a Reductor at it and seeing how ineffective it is, moves right up to Blasting curses. He Transfigures his rope whip into a chain and tries to trip it. The monster slogs right through it snapping the links.
Seconds later, it's over. My golem looks worse for wear, but the remaining arm that Cedric didn't blow off has Cedric's wrist firmly in hand. I focus on making certain that it doesn't crush bone, while keeping his wand pointed away from me.
"Do you yield?" I shout.
Cedric grimaces and then nods, "I yield."
My golem lets go and starts heading back to the area I brought it from as the referee declares me the winner. Cedric massages his bruised arm, but gives me a nod. Only then do I let my ears hear the wild howling of the crowd. I give Cedric a quick wand salute before hopping off the stage. My eyes find Krum and I smile. I'm coming for you and your little witch friend as well.
------
"That was really impressive out there, Harry." Ginny Weasley says to me. She's standing next to the door to my dorm. I'd just come from the groups of well-wishers and their pleas for tutoring in the common room. Neville is with me and has all three Omnioculars. I intend to watch the Delacour and Manos match and catch a quick rest.
"Thanks."
"Don't you want to know why I'm here?"
"I figure you're going to tell me anyway. Neville, mind giving us a minute?"
"Sure thing Harry. I'll catch up to you later." He hands me the Omnis and turns back downstairs to join Colin and Dennis – my other "kid brothers."
"Okay, talk."
"I want to apologize for the way I've been treating you."
I could be mean and say that I hadn't noticed. That'd really drive her spare. To the Hat I think, "Damn, you're starting to rub off on me!" 
"My new calling is being a role model to students everywhere, starting with you. Are you going to answer the bitch?"
"Okay. Apology accepted."
"That's it?" She seems surprised.
"HJ, picture her mother naked. That's what her future husband has to look forward to!"
"Thanks for the visual, Hat." "Apologies are just words. They mean nothing without actions. The truth of the matter is that you and I were never dating."
"I know that!" She says a little defensively.
"You're right HJ, odds are she'll never get the huge breasts Prewitt had, but if she starts humping anything that moves, she can have the reputation."
"Do I really need to hear that right now, or ever for that matter!" To Ginny, I shake my head, "I'm not sure you do. You were bent out of shape when I told Michael Corner that he should ask you out. The bloke seemed really into you. If you feel I've led you on or given you the impression that something was happening with us, I'm sorry, but that's just the way it is." I shrug. 
She refuses to look me in the eye. "You're… you're right. I probably was reading too much into it. Anyway, I just wanted to say I'm sorry and warn you to be on the lookout for the twins. I think I put a stop to them for now, but it's only a matter of time." 
I arch an eyebrow. "What were they up to this time?"
"I caught them speaking with Bill. He was giving them recommendations for bypassing the wards around your bed. Actually, they weren't really going to bypass them. Bill was describing a technique to disrupt the keying mechanism that detects who is allowed through the wards. It only lasts for a few hours, but it would have turned your own wards on you. I'm not certain, but they may have already done it." A wave of my wand confirms that the keying runes have been mangled. I'd only used a simple key rather than a complex one I hadn't planned on their soliciting outside help.
"Looks like you're right. Judging from my Diagnostics spell, the runes comprising the keying mechanism are damaged. What did you tell them, Ginny?"
She looks a little uncomfortable, "Well, to be perfectly honest, I thought you were going to get beaten rather soundly today and didn't deserve more people having a go at you, but after what you did to the French witch and Diggory. I'm reasonably certain you'd beat the snot out of them."
"I know what you're thinking HJ, but here's some practical advice; you already have enough real enemies without picking a fight with a Curse Breaker. Think she was in it from the beginning and is only having a change of heart now that you've shown what you can do?"
"Fine, put Bill's name on the deferred arse-kicking list. I'll fit him in down the road. The twins however are long overdue. Ginny? I'll take her at her word. She might be jealous to the point of being delusional, but her biggest fear was coming back to Hogwarts after the incident in the Chamber."
"And they said?"
"They started to act like it'd be a challenge, but I pointed out that their main reason was because the way you treated me and Katie." I notice that she strains a bit to say Katie, but that's neither here nor there. "Either way, she mended fences with you. I should do the same, and if they want to continue being childish gits, they can't hide behind the excuse of avenging their little sister's pride."
"I give her points for speaking her mind."
"You still don't know witches that well do you HJ? She's still competing with Bell hoping you're going to date her."
"Do yourself a favor and don't get caught up in it. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to fix my wards and grab a spot of rest. I still have one more duel."
Ginny smiles at the peace offering. "I wouldn't worry about it Harry. That other French witch is no match for you. If you ever need anything, let me know."
"Ginny, are you any good with Potions?"
"Not bad. I'm better with Charms and Hexes."
"The Sorting Hat here needs to be dipped in a Fireproofing draught. I was going to ask Hermione if she wouldn't mind making it, but I just remembered how busy she is with the team competition. If you really want to help, you can start there."
"What are you up to, Potter?"
"Just taking a page out of Diggory's playbook. He's got all of Hufflepuff helping him. No reason that I shouldn't start making my life a bit easier. I'm stuck as a teenager for the next few years. Since, I'm not going anywhere and they're not going to leave me be, I should try to be a bit nicer. Plus Ginny offered. Is the brew that difficult?"
"Not particularly. Very well, HJ. I'm positively quivering with excitement to see the mind of a fourteen year old witch. There should be enough idiotic romantic fantasies in there to make me sick. I'll be sure to look for the ones involving you."
She is both excited and confused. "Sure, why does the Sorting Hat need to be fireproofed?"
I hand it to Ginny and smile. "Spend some more time with it and decide for yourself."
------
"Are you feeling better, Aimee?" Fleur asks.
Beaucourt grunts and I hear the sound of hand smacking water. "Not really. The Hogwarts nurse demanded Athena remove the enchantment, but the spell takes two days to wear off. It causes stomach cramps…ugh. Like that one! Right after Potter defeated me, she was shoving a pain reliever in my hand. It takes the edge off, but I can't take one within two hours of tomorrow's duels. What is it?"
Fleur hisses, "Something crossed the ward line!" She sees my Animagus form and relaxes. "Oh, it is you. Aimee, Gabrielle, allow me to introduce the most intelligent creature in England. I have discovered that it is called a Pronghorn."
Her little sister is excited, "Oh! It's pretty. Does it talk?"
"No."
"But you said it is the smartest in all of England."
Aimee laughs before grunting again. "She said that because it doesn't talk, Gabby!"
Fleur laughs as well, "Plus it understands French, showing that it knows a civilized tongue."
Okay, I'm not really spying. I've already fought both of them. I'm only here out of professional curiosity. Unfortunately, all of them are wearing swimsuits. Of course, it would be a bit disturbing if the preteen was skinny dipping, so I'll take the good with the bad. I allow them to inspect me and Fleur checks my formerly wounded leg/arm and congratulates me on healing so quickly.
I'd finished off Aimee in my last duel of the day quickly. My Conjured grim pounced on her and started licking her face. I hope Colin caught it with his camera. That's definitely going to Sirius by way of the Flamel estate. She has the lasting injuries, but Fleur is sporting several blemishes on her otherwise dazzling physique – tokens of her run in with Athena Manos. Cedric did a passable job against Fleur for a minute or so, but with his focus directly on her, I think her aura began to cloud his mind after the first few exchanges, and she easily beat him.
Using my hoof, I gesture at the nasty bruise on her thigh. "Yes, both Aimee and I have had our own problems, my friend. We should be better in a few days; do not worry."
They talk to me for a few minutes before I move over and nibble at the berries on bushes to try and fade into the background. Nothing to be learned if they're fawning all over me.
The last duel of the day was Manos versus Krum. Neither held back and Manos once again proved why Karkaroff selected her. She has the talent. I get her tomorrow before Krum. Honestly, I don't know which one I'm looking forward to more at this point. I need to switch tactics for tomorrow. Manos will be expecting lots of ropes, water, and Transfiguration. I'll work more Charms into the mix more tomorrow and shake things up a bit. There just might be one or two questionable spells in my repertoire for someone who likes dealing out pain and humiliation. There's a good chance she'll be doing the same thing and I expect Victor's spells to be a shade or two darker.
"I just can't wait to see Harry Potter wearing a female dress uniform!" Gabby exclaims. The youth is rather aptly named if you want my opinion. 
It's enough to shake Aimee out of her discomfort. "What?"
"They made a bet and Fleur won. He has to dress up like a Beauxbatons student…a girl student!"
Fleur looks visibly upset. "Gabrielle! I have no intentions of holding him to that arrangement. It would be shameful for me to do so. He will likely insist that he is still the winner regardless."
"They made you the winner!"
"Only because one of his schoolmates is a lying, cheating, dog of an Englishman! What you don't understand is that he couldn't move and he still beat me…handily."
Aimee interjects, "You lasted longer than I did against him and I'm pretty sure he went easy on me. His damn Transfigured dog was drooling all over me! Could you have stopped that thing he created against Diggory?"
"Perhaps, but then again maybe not. Diggory's curses were aimed at the torso. I would have tried to take out its legs, but this is conjecture on my part. I wasn't prepared for what he did during our duel. I likely would have been even more shocked at the earth elemental. Regardless, we won't have to answer that until the second wand duel, which is months away. Harry Potter is now the problem of those thugs from Durmstrang."
I came out here hoping to see a little skin and what do you know – I finally got some respect.
Beaucourt continues massaging at her side, "Speaking on behalf of my own aches and pains, I hope he beats them soundly. I wonder, what is the history between him and this Draco Malfoy? I thought the challenge of a duel to the death was made solely to shame the boy and his parents, but Potter looked ready to go through with it." 
"All the more reason not to anger him. He is obviously both powerful and quick to anger. Even his Headmaster and Professors seem to have difficulties with him. Only that vile Hat he carries around commands his respect. I suggest we avoid Harry Potter."
Respect just became fear that I'm a homicidal psychopath. Oh well, isn't there's the old saying about it being better to be feared than respected? Great! Now, I'm thinking like a Dark Lord.
Aimee senses the need for a conversation change, "Why don't we talk about something else, say for instance the identity of that red haired gentleman I saw speaking to you?" 
Gabrielle sounds a bit petulant. "I still think you should make him wear the clothes."
Fleur shrugs tossing her hair over her shoulder. "That is enough, Gabrielle. We are French and that means we should not sink to their level." Turning to Aimee she explains, "His name is William Weasley and he is a Curse Breaker."
"A little older than your usual fare, but he looked tasty enough."
"I suppose. It was refreshing to be able to hold a conversation with someone capable of resisting me. He was a perfect gentleman."
Bill? A perfect gentleman? Those are words not often used together. According to the stories Ron and the twins told about him last year, he's anything but. Wheels turn in my head, but I do believe I have a way to enact a little vengeance.
"He asked that barring injury, I come have a drink with him in Hogsmeade after the duels tomorrow."
"You could probably leave halfway through our duel and still beat me." Aimee offers sadly.
"Dueling is not your forte, Aimee. There will be other events. I look forward to seeing your solution to the Puzzle Room."
"I'm making lots of friends!" Gabby announces out of the blue. "The first year Ravenclaws let me go to some of their classes with them! The want me to ask Papa if I can come here when I turn eleven. Do you think he'd let me?"
"A Delacour not going to Beauxbatons, ridiculous! You'll need to be close to friends and family as you get older."
"No, I don't!"
"Yes, you do."
This goes on for a solid thirty seconds and Fleur is clearly becoming irate. How do people with younger siblings put up with it?
"For the last time! Yes, you do! We've been through this before!"
The younger Delacour snaps back, "Just because all your friends stopped liking you doesn't mean it's going to happen to me! Maybe my friends are real friends!"
Fleur looks slightly hurt, but tries to sound consoling, "Do not get your hopes up. You'll need to prepare for it eventually."
"Quit saying that! It's not true! I might not even develop an aura!" Little Gabby is having a full blown meltdown.
The older Delacour gives no quarter. "Every female in our family has developed the aura! There is no reason to think that you will be an exception. You need to quit deluding yourself!"
Her little sister starts crying and the moment turns horribly awkward. Fleur looks torn as Aimee gestures, "Come here, Gabby." The little girl continues crying as Aimee pulls her into a protective hug and helps her out of the pool. A Drying spell, followed by a Switching spell and both Beaucourt and the younger Delacour sister are dried and dressed with their wet swimsuits in hand. Although, from the amount of tears coming from the little girl, Aimee might need a second Drying charm soon.
"I'll take Gabby back. Why don't you stay and calm yourself, Fleur?"
"Gabrielle, I am sorry. I have had a long day and did not mean to snap at you. Forgive me."
"S'okay…" She mumbles as Aimee leads her away. Gabby clearly idolizes everything about Fleur. I'd probably get a similar result if I treated Colin and his kid brother that way. I step in front of Gabby and let her wrap her arms around my neck. Aimee pats me on my head and takes her out of the grotto.
There's a minute or two of silence and I strongly consider following them. Fleur's voice stops me there's a few tears running down her cheeks as well. "You think I am too hard on her, as well? Please do not judge me, Monsieur Pronghorn. I was just like her when I was her age, before my aura surfaced. Everyone was my friend and playmate, fun and laughter were all that I saw."
She pauses, clearly remembering something painful and for the first time I'm somewhat ashamed that I came out here. "Mama tried to prepare me as best she could for the cold reality. I did not understand then, but I do now. It was hard to watch all my friends turn against me. The boys, they wanted to play new games with me, games I was not ready to play. As for the girls, they all became jealous and hateful, even Aimee for a time. It will happen to her in two maybe three years at the most. Perhaps in five years, she will forgive me like I forgave Mama. The stronger she is now, the less it will hurt in the future."
This used to be the downside of being a Marauder. Every once in awhile, running around the castle in the invisibility cloak, following the map, and getting ready for their next big prank, they'd run into the ugliness of real life. Things like girlfriends begging a bloke not to break up with them, or blazing rows between best friends or enemies. Hell there was even one fucking idiot JP found one night sitting there cutting himself with a straight razor and healing the cut with his wand before doing it again – all because the pressures of NEWTs were getting to him! Even Snivellus wasn't that much of a loser!
Teenagers, effing lunatics, the whole bloody lot of them! The worst part is I'm stuck being one of them again! Merlin preserve what's left of my sanity.
Still, I found myself next to Fleur and the she did the same thing her sister did, burying her head into my fur and bawling her eyes out. A few moments go by and she composes herself. "Thank you for listening to me and withholding judgment. I must leave now and apologize again to Gabrielle."
I have to leave as well. Near Hagrid's hut I can collect enough fresh shit for some of my spider Transfigurations. I'll send two, but not for their pillows. They'll be on a search and detonate mission. Their target? The twins stash of dungbombs. The sixth year boy's dorm will smell like a sewer when I'm done with it, they'll be out of dungbombs, and everyone will assume that they accidentally set off their stash.
------
"Yes Professor? You requested my presence." McGonagall summoned me to her office again.
"Come in, Potter. Sit."
I comply. JP was good at reading her. She's angry, but trying to hide it. "First, I would like to commend you on your surprising performance today. The level of power and skill both you and Mr. Diggory demonstrated have the Wireless buzzing about our Transfiguration program."
"Thank you, Professor."
"I have received no less than two dozen congratulatory messages from my peers in the field, as well as three requests for speaking engagements. Furthermore, a gentleman claiming to represent the Board of Governors for a smaller school in Portugal approached me with an offer to interview for their upcoming vacancy as Headmistress."
"That is impressive. Congratulations. It'd be a shame to lose you."
"I can take credit for Mr. Diggory's performance, but I cannot in good faith claim to have had a hand in yours. I was hoping for an explanation. Exactly how long have you been holding back on me?"
"I've already had this conversation with the Headmaster. My encounter with the horde of dementors broke something loose in me. Obviously, I have more power available to me, and I spent the majority of the summer in study. In the past few months, I've realized that there are people who want to see me injured or dead. Moody was brought here for extra security and we both know all too well how that turned out."
"Regardless, some of the spells you were performing, especially the Golem spell, are both well outside of the curriculum and dangerous if used improperly."
"That doesn't pose a problem, since I used them properly."
"True, but you seemed quite ready to kill Draco Malfoy in a duel. Headmaster Dumbledore is also highly disappointed with your behavior after the boy's transgression was revealed."
"I doubted Lucius would let him accept my terms, but yes, I was. Tell me, do you honestly think the world is a better place with him in it?"
"Potter!"
I ignore her outrage. "As for the Headmaster, if he wants to express his displeasure with me, let him do it himself. I'll match him disappointment for disappointment and still come out ahead by a mile. Had he been more vigilant, I would not be in this mess to begin with! Alastor Moody was supposed to be a close personal friend of his, yet the imposter operated here for two months. So when you speak with him, be certain to convey my opinions of his performance! Consider this – you are angry at what I could do. I am angry at what he cannot do!"
She reigns in the outburst that was about to leave her lips. Massaging her forehead, she speaks slowly. "It is understandable that you are angry. My concern that very anger; combined with the level of power you demonstrate, could result in the serious injury of another student."
"I can control myself. Now, you know why I was so adamant about being removed from Snape's class. Even today, he rushed to the boy's defense almost as quickly as the Malfoys. Tell me, did you happen to look up the potion Draco used?"
"No, I did not feel it necessary."
"I did feel it was necessary. In addition to the obvious effects, this potion has a moderate to high flammability index. Had I Conjured flame, which I guarantee I can do. It could have been enough to either detonate the concoction or set it all on fire. Again, you take me to task on what I could do, but is anyone lecturing Malfoy at the moment? If his head of house is, I'll guarantee you Snape's complaint is that Draco got caught."
"It is not my place to speculate on Professor Snape's methods. That is not the issue here. I believe whatever punishment the Goblet selects will be a sufficient deterrent for future actions."
"I'd like to think so too, but we'll see. Let's just hope Dumbledore can keep it from being tampered with – again."
She taps her fist against her desk several times and looks very pensive. Finally, she smiles at me. "Thank you for coming by, Potter. This situation is equally frustrating for myself and I apologize if I have done nothing more than add to your own irritation. Time and again, you have given me cause to trust in your actions and I would be remiss if I did not."
There's something you don't see everyday, someone apologizing for not believing in me!
McGonagall continues, "Since, there is no immediate solution to this quandary, we should proceed cautiously. Understand that I will be paying closer attention to you, for your safety as well as our students and visitors. At the same time, I want you to understand that my door is always open to you. My obligation to the welfare of all the students in this castle most assuredly covers you as well."
"I'll keep that in mind."
"Please do so. Though you have proven that you are capable of solving your own problems, should you have difficulties with the student body, I encourage you to bring them to me. I will do my best to resolve any future ones to the best of my ability."
Standing to leave, I smile at her. It's a nice offer and in the future, I may take her up on it. The twins have irked me for far too long and it's time for them to pay the price. If she gets the job in Portugal, I'll have to ask if they take transfers. I'm beginning to think I need a change of venue.
All I have to do is get through this year first.
------
Oddly enough, I was in the Infirmary catching up on things with Poppy when the first Gryffindors arrived. Professor McGonagall had directed them here to sleep for the night because the stench in the Tower was unbearable. How many dungbombs did the twins have up there? It's an odd happenstance that all my valuables are packed neatly in my trunk and it is sealed with an Airtight charm. Hermione might have also had the importance of this impressed upon her.
I was placed in charge of sending the males to the Prefect's bath first and keeping the stench from the females from permeating the ward. Naturally, Fred and George were missing. They were being given a crash course in mastering the Bubblehead charm and were heading up the cleanup effort. 
A freshly scrubbed Lee Jordan filled in everyone on the harsh language McGonagall used upon discovering their stash of Filibuster Fireworks and now ruined potions ingredients. I felt better knowing that I'd given her an outlet for that frustration she'd been feeling earlier. 
My enemies' ability to wage mayhem has been crippled. I'd heard they'd lost a lot of their money at the World Cup and my performance during the duels had cost them dearly, several students bet on me as a long shot during the first round. I chuckle internally, don't I sound like a budding little Dark Lord Potter? When Minerva's through with them something tells me Molly and Arthur will want their pound of flesh as well.
Deprived of money, raw material, and from the sounds of it, the ability to go to Hogsmeade until after Christmas, they have been successfully marginalized. My cheeks hurt slightly from holding back the smile. Plus, if it becomes common knowledge that they were bested at their own game, they'll lose the mantle of "pranksters supreme." 
Lee continues, "I heard that McGonagall was so mad that she's not even going to let the House Elves help. The portraits, the carpet, the furniture – everything has to be cleaned. It's probably going to take several days!"
Ginny's eyes are lock with mine. She'd been away brewing the Fireproofing draught and missed the detonation. The Hat is on a table, drying in the back of the Infirmary and cackling. A proclamation from her could finger me and reverse a good bit of the ill-will now directed at Fred and George. What's she going to do? Here's your first test of how much you want to be my friend.
She opens her mouth, "They've been buying the cheapest stuff they can for years. I've been telling them it's going to catch up to them one day, but do they listen to me? Not bloody likely!" Smart girl, she knows I could have done a lot worse. I resume watching the pictures in the Omnioculars of Athena Manos, my next opponent.
The door opens and instead of another group of smelly Gryffindors, I see Fleur Delacour enter. She immediately scowls at the smell.
"May I help you, Fleur? Does Aimee need another Pain Reliever?" I use French to minimize eavesdropping. I knew from my earlier "spying" that Aimee would likely need more and just so happen to have a few fresh ones brewed up.
"Yes, but what happened here?"
"Someone had a large stash of Dungbombs detonate. The entire Gryffindor tower is being cleaned."
Fleur rolls her eyes. "This level of foolishness would not be tolerated at Beauxbatons."
I pull a pair of potions off the shelf for her and walk with her out of the infirmary and away from prying ears. "Probably not. Speaking of foolishness, where would you like me to show up so that I may discharge this bet of ours? Simply name the time and place. Here. These are freshly brewed and should be at peak potency. I hope they help."
She is surprised that I did not claim victory and a bit off balance. "Forget about the bet. It is nothing and I refuse to hold you to the terms. As I said at the broom race, a forfeit is a hollow victory at best. I will accept the point in the overall standings, but I do not take pride in my performance. I should be apologizing to you for letting your advisor goad me into the wager."
"The Hat is a handful, crass, vulgar and obscene with the mindset of tenth century Europe."
She gives me a puzzled look, "Why do you put up with it?
"It is the finest creation of a very powerful wizard. Its antics amuse me and most importantly, it has almost a thousand years of knowledge to draw from."
There's a moment of silence while she digests what I just said. I smile and continue, "For what it is worth, I'm sorry that Malfoy avoided the greater punishments by dragging your name into it. You don't deserve that. He's just another of my enemies trying to take a pot shot at me."
Her expression softens, "Does this happen often?"
I search for the right words, but my French just isn't that good, so I switch to English. "It's the price we pay for who we are. For you, it's bloke after bloke falling all over themselves to be the one standing by your side, along with the icy glares and whispers of the jealous females. In my case, it's everyone wants to build themselves up by tearing me down; be it some Death Eaters trying to avenge their master or a little maggot student like Malfoy with delusions of grandeur. If they can be better than the boy who defeated a Dark Lord, then they must be something special too, or I never deserved to be special in the first place."
My words have a noticeable effect on her. "You have a firm grasp of reality, Harry Potter. I wish you luck in the duels tomorrow."
"You can always help by softening up Krum for me." I don't need her help, but it's a nice way to wish her luck.
She actually gives me a smile. "If I am able… Yesterday, I assumed none of you would be a match for me. Now, let us say I have a more respect for my competition. I would not be lying if I said that both Aimee and I would like to see the witch from Durmstrang soundly defeated."
"I will push her to her limits. If she can keep up, she deserves to win. If not, the day is mine." I feel a tap on my shoulder. "Hello, Hermione. You've met Fleur haven't you?" She's right on time.
"Not really, but you did very well out there today. I was particularly impressed with the wide array of Charms you used in the third match."
"Thank you. I only wish they had been more effective against my opponent." Fleur responds graciously.
"Tomorrow after the duels, Hermione and I are headed into Hogsmeade, I intend to invite Cedric as well. Would you and Aimee be interested in joining us?"
"I will ask Aimee for you, but I am afraid I have other plans."
I scratch my chin. "Oh, some other time then…"
Hermione looks slightly uncomfortable. "Your plans? They aren't with Bill Weasley are they? I noticed he was talking to you after the match."
I mumble something unintelligible. Fleur looks at me, "What if they are?"
Shaking my head I gesture to Hermione. "I'm not really one to say, all my information is second hand, but Hermione spent a few weeks at the Weasley home this summer. Didn't you?"
Hermione nods, "Maybe he was just boasting for his brothers, but he's a bit of a self-styled Casanova. In the two weeks I spent there before the term started, he brought three different girls there for dinner."
I pat Hermione on the back, "I don't want to hear any of these stories again. Ron goes on about him enough as it is. Either way, I'd better get back to the ward. Madam Pomfrey may need me with so many people milling about in there. Fleur, if you change your mind, the offer stands. If not, tell Aimee we'll be happy to have her."
I head off, confident that Hermione will relay enough juicy gossip to damage Bill's chances with Fleur. There are plenty of ways to get revenge that don't require any spell casting. Hopefully, Bill learns his lesson - not to dabble in my affairs again.
------
"I'm surprised you were so willing to help out." Hermione meets up with me about thirty minutes later in one of the empty classrooms a floor below the ward. I had to get away from the chaos up there. I feel bad for Poppy, but not that bad.
Hermione doesn't even bother looking up from my Anybook. Ah, the taste of the forbidden fruits from the tomes safely resting in the Potter Vault. The offer of only slightly restricted access to my hidden repository of knowledge was the price of her participation. I could go switch some books out, but I'll be brewing and enchanting for the next few weeks – might as well share the wealth. Plus, I have a sneaking suspicion that if it were the choice between saving a priceless book and her cat; she could always get another cat.
"You shouldn't be, Harry. I didn't tell her anything that I hadn't seen or heard with my own eyes and ears. Factor in that he was trying to help the twins vandalize your belongings at a time when you most certainly don't need any of that nonsense, and I have no issues with serving up my opinion of that pompous womanizer…bollocks, now that's a spell! Can you use that one tomorrow?"
I look over her shoulder, chuckling at her use of language. "I could, but it's a borderline spell. Most would consider it Dark Arts. Krum or Manos could use it, but I don't need to feed the rumors. I don't mind people seeing me as powerful, but I can ill afford to start using questionable spells."
"I'm just disappointed that the encounter with the dementors didn't trigger something in me. Honestly, I'm a bit jealous," She said. She gets the same half-truth that I'd fed McGonagall and Dumbledore. I can tell that Hermione knows there's more to it, but is content to allow me to cherry pick the information I feed her.
"I think you're plenty powerful as it is, Hermione."
That earns a smile, but she still refuses to lift her eyes from the book. "Well thank you. So, what else do you have in this wonderful book?"
I show her how to switch between tomes. "Probably nothing you'd be interested in: Dueling, Warding, Advanced Transfiguration, Conjuration, Principles of Enchanting, Alchemy Made Easy, the Potter Family Copy of the NEWT written exams…"
"What!"
"Oh come on, almost all the old families have a copy. They never change them."
"Harry!" The poor girl's eyes bulge from their socket.
It's too much, I have to laugh, "Oh, I can't believe you just fell for that! Just kidding, I saw your eyes glazing over and figured I'd check to see if you were still with me." It's a joke I've used before, sort of. JP used it on Lily in their seventh year when she asked him why he wasn't taking the pending exams more seriously. It was either use that, or yet another pun off of Padfoot's name. After seven years all the good ones had been over used. The white lie had a remarkably similar infuriating effect on Evans.
"If you didn't have a duel tomorrow, I would so hex you…" Ironically, Lily did hex James.
"Insufferable know it all!"
"Arrogant glory seeking prat!"
Both of us dissolve into a well-deserved fit of laughter. That's probably something I miss the most from good old Harry's life. He was young, dumb, and painfully naïve, but at least he had a lot of laughs. I'm suddenly an old soul who made Gryffindor tower unbearable more out of necessity rather than a juvenile whim. That said I've about reached my limit. Whatever the Goblet of Fire does to Draco, well let's just say it'll be in addition to what I plan for him.
After a minute, Hermione snorts, "Thanks Harry, I haven't laughed like that in a long time."
"I needed it too. Anything you want to go through?"
"Well…"
"I do need to rest for tomorrow, so keep it reasonable, no rituals."
My friend tries to look disappointed, but fails humorously. "Not even one? Okay how about these two? I really want to see how you do this one, no wonder you didn't seem terribly interested in the Protego."
------
What a difference a day can make! Yesterday, people looked at me like I was a lamb headed to the slaughter. On the way out to the platform today people are telling me to give it to Manos and Krum good. The fickle winds of fortune switch change direction yet again. Even Ron managed a kind word or two. He must think that's a sufficient apology for being a git.
JP would have mocked him. HP probably would have accepted it. HJ, well I guess I'll wait and see. Right now, I've got some work to do.
Athena Manos is a rather attractive witch. Her complexion is that olive tone giving her a perpetually tanned look and coppery coils of hair that fall onto her shoulders. Here I'd thought most Greek girls were brunettes. My guess is either a Nordic mum, or liberal use of hair coloring potions. Athena's the kind of witch that looks great now, but I could see that the appearance she cultivates will require more and more effort as she ages.
The scowl on her face somewhat detracts from her overall appeal. "I hope you have something more impressive than yesterday, Potter. That might work for novices, but I am anything but. Do not think, for one moment, that I have forgotten what you did to me during the broom race."
Oddly, I had forgotten all about sending her into the lake. "Do you intend to bore me into submission with words, Athena? Don't flatter yourself. You're just an obstacle on my way to Krum."
The French judge cuts short our posturing and orders us turn and begin pacing. Several paces later with Bagman's voice booming about the anticipation building up to this match, we face each other again. I bring my wand to the ready and wait for the signal.
"Begin!"
I should ask Hermione if she still doesn't believe in Divination. Manos leads with the spell that my friend suggested I use last night – "The Black Shocker" – a bolt of obsidian energy, races towards me. At least, she's not holding back. It's a professional spell; fast, difficult to evade and even with most shields you'll still feel like you were just hit with a mild stinger. Not shielding it is generally considered a bad idea, unless I want to twitch a lot for the next few hours. 
"Magus Contego!" I focus on the shape of my shield, making it as tight as I can. The pillar of energy in front of me scatters her attack and I don't feel a damn thing. How about a professional shield for her professional spell? It only seems fair. Let's see what she tries next.
"Dementia!" She switches to Mind Altering magic. I dodge and allow it to splatter into the wards behind me leaving a colorful scar on the magical barrier. I snap off three minor hexes so fast that she has no choice but to Blanket Shield as I seize the initiative.
It's time to see how well she can Vanish. Instead of balls, I send flat rubber discs flying at her. The smaller profile makes them more difficult to intercept. On the fifth disc, I switch to porcelain, then to bone and back to rubber. It'd be nice to use metal, but metal discuses would likely draw a warning from the official.
She's good and quite fast at Vanishing. Changing the composition doesn't seem to faze her too much either. I could send another burst, but I don't want to waste too much energy. Assuming neither of us is going to make a stupid mistake, this might take awhile.
Athena sends a pair of nuisance spells of her own my way, trying to gauge my reactions and then uses an Obscuring spell causing her to periodically shimmer out of focus for a few seconds at a time. It's a serviceable spell that'll last for the next few minutes and make her harder to target.
We exchange spells for another thirty seconds or so. I draw the first real "hit" by borrowing Cedric's wide area Bludgeoner. She opts to take the equivalent of a smack across the face to finish the spell she was casting.
A blinding flash of light followed by a thunderclap rips through the air. One of my eyes was already closing when I saw the wand movements – a flashbang maneuver. I roll forward as two quick hexes pass to either side of me and Conjure a snake. My left hand hits the snake with a wandless Banisher. No time to wait for it to slither down the pathway. Get it there now! Athena's already cast her Mirror spell with both of her images still blurring slightly, but immediately finds herself dealing with a serpent in her midst.
I vary the Bird Summoning charm. Instead of five canaries, I send about a dozen finches her way. With too many targets to Vanish, she has to abandon her illusion and one of them sends a slashing tendril of flame through the air to destroy the tiny birds.
As she casts, I send a quick burst of water striking the remnants of the fire and creating steam. Things should feel hot, sticky and uncomfortable over there for a second. Will that hairdo stand up to sudden humidity? Inquiring minds want to know. She quickly uses a gust of wind to blow it towards me and quickly follows with a second "Black Shocker." I dodge, though I wince slightly. As the spell passed nearby, the moisture laden air bled some of the energy into me – clever move on her part.
I retaliate with a heavy Bludgeoner that reverberates against the wards as she narrowly evades. Conjuring a grim, I send Sirius off to the slaughter. Athena doesn't disappoint. Her overpowered Blasting curse destroys my dog and a large chunk of the platform. She probably wrecked the platform and creating a small chasm to try to inhibit future Summonings on my part. She adds a Banisher sending loose chunks of stone at me at high velocity.
I Vanish them with impunity and no small amount of anger, as the judge calls out. "Time! Warning Durmstrang!" Obviously, he judges the maneuver as having the potential to seriously injure. Boos and jeers rain down from the crowd. Shouts of, "let 'em fight!" can be heard. The masses don't like their entertainment interrupted. Manos looks incensed and comments about the Bludgeoner I'd just used and how much injury it could have done had it landed. He ignores her and gestures for us to move to the centers of our respective circles. After a third warning, she's disqualified. 
I try to look more winded than I actually am. Let her think she's wearing me down. "Wands at the ready! Begin!"
I send a pair of Stunners almost as a taunt. She smacks them away with a Dueler's shield around her non-wand hand and summons a Stun Whip in reply – even I'm impressed. It's a Stunner contained within a stream of energy. Moody, the real one, loves these. JP had seen Dumbledore incapacitate five people in just a matter of seconds with this critter. The downside - it's a real power sink, ranking right up there with my Golem spell from yesterday. This duel has already hit the four minute mark and in several areas the wards are glowing trying to dissipate the energy.
I dodge the first two snaps of the whip and Blanket Shield the third. Come on you bitch, burn through your reserves. I send weak spells in reply that she swats away with the Dueling Shield, advancing towards the edge of her circle. I give ground letting her sense victory. Just a little closer … now!
I drop a Dueler's Shield of my own on my left arm. My hand darts out and snatches that whip like it's a golden snitch. I'll have to look at the Omni's later to see the look on her face. It should be the look of someone who just realized that she'd been had. Yanking as hard as possible, I pull her forward and hold that whip right against the wards.
It's called "grounding;" forcing an opponent to waste a large chunk of power in the wards. My shield holds as the sizzle of energy creates a near blinding white patch in the air next to me. One of the warders races over to adjust the arrangement of ward stones. She releases her focus and the whip fades, but the damage is two-fold. In addition to the drain, Athena is on her knees a good three feet onto the walkway – sucker!
"Time! Warning Durmstrang! Outside of circle! Second warning!"
She takes her time standing and brushing off her robes. I know what she's doing, she's trying to stall and recover. The French official is savvy enough to spot it as well. He instructs her to immediately return to the center of her circle.
"Wands at the ready! Begin!"
It's time to finish this! Instead of the disks, I switch to the larger rubber balls. Frankly, I want her to Vanish these. The witch is all ready on her last legs and I fully intend to end it here. Desperately, she tries to interrupt my spell casting with her own, but it costs her. She takes hits from two of the rubber balls and stumbles around her area drunkenly. Quickly, I change one of the balls into a metal chain and wrap it around her. Athena tries to dispel it, and half succeeds, but I add a second chain just as fast.
Collapsing in a heap and writhing against the chains, she sends a Stunner my way hoping to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat. I swat it away like an annoying insect and hoist her feet first into the air like a hunter's trophy.
Maybe, there's a slight vendetta on the judge's part, for the witch's treatment of both Fleur and Aimee, but he takes a bit longer than one would expect to declare me the winner.
"Durmstrang unable to continue! Winner! Hogwarts!" I lower her to the ground. Part of me wants to just dissipate the chains and let her drop like a sack onto the ground, but she isn't an enemy like Krum; Athena's just a competitor.
Executing a quick bow to her, I jump off the platform. The duel took a good deal out of me, but she's good and beaten. Athena expected no one to be able to match her skill and power. She was wrong. Cedric is her final opponent. I walk straight to him.
"Harry that was one hell of a duel!" He claps me on my shoulders. I nod to both him and his advisor.
Professor Sinistra laughs, "Harry, previously I thought you'd need an agent to maximize your Quidditch career. I'm beginning to believe you'll need an agent for that, broom racing, and dueling. Well done indeed."
I thump Cedric on both his shoulders and command his attention. "Listen, she's got nothing left – no air under her broom. Keep an eye on her and make sure she doesn't try and slip a rejuvenation draught while they fix the platforms. If you want to beat her, go at her hard and fast and don't let up. If she gets the advantage, take it right back. I'm guessing she won't be able to go more than a minute if you keep up the pace. Pound her relentlessly and she'll crack!"
"Sounds ruthless, Harry." Cedric says and then smiles, "I like it! What about you? Krum's bound to try the same thing with you."
I grin wolfishly. "Let him come. She might be down and out and after five straight minutes of dueling and everyone must think the same thing about me that you two do. No fourteen year old could possibly have anything left after that, but I'm not just any fourteen year old, am I?" 
Yeah, I'm a bit fired up. Maybe it's just the adrenaline talking. For the better part of three years, I'd been trying my best and largely failing to be accepted as just another student. No more, I'm through with that. People want their legend; I'll give them their bloody legend!
------
I spare no words for Krum, only an icy glare. He can interpret it as me conserving energy or however he wants. I don't care. There are only one or two people in this stadium that I don't think I can take in a straight up duel and Viktor Krum isn't one of them.
"Wands at the ready! Begin!"
Viktor launches a furious barrage of Concussion hexes. I weather it behind my Mage Shield. Pouring energy into it, I stand like a lighthouse taking a pounding from the North Atlantic in February. His attack subsides and Krum realizes that I am not nearly as weak as he had hoped.
Time to go South American Rope caster on him, nets and bolos. I shoot a heavy net high and immediately switch to bolos waist and leg level. Tying him up alone isn't satisfying enough. He needs a good pummeling! I mix in a few bludgeoners and test his dodging skills. Krum moves with a speed someone of his build shouldn't have and Firewhips a gap in my net, while dodging the bolos and bludgeoners. He Banishes chunks of smoldering net in my direction.
A wave of holly and phoenix feather and the remains of the net morph into a large Ravenclaw Eagle that spins and goes onto an attack vector. 
Viktor disintegrates Rowena's mascot and hurls a Pain Giver towards me. My Reflective Shield sends it back towards him and I Conjure a pair of Helga's badgers. Krum grimaces and uses an Immolation spell combined with a Fire Friend charm to wash his entire circle in flames. Krum walks unfazed through the ankle high flames licking at his boots. My badgers are reluctant to proceed closer. Fine, some Gryffindor bravery then. Gesturing, the two badgers merge and swell into a lion. It takes a follow on compulsion, but the lion charges ahead, heedless of the flames. Krum's Bonebreaker ends its leap in midflight. 
I use the Water charm again, aiming for his fire. Steam rises into the air and he casts a burst of light in response, trying to obscure my vision as well. Let's see if I can shock him. Despite my general opinion, let's not exclude Salazar's house. Instead of Conjuring and Banishing a Slytherin Mascot, I go the route of illusion. My illusionary snake is roughly twenty foot long. Viktor clears the smoke with a large wolf now protecting him and sees my monster.
On some level, he must know it's an illusion, but his body is already reacting. It's the distraction I need. I tap my left arm while my serpent rises to strike letting Viktor's Firewhip pass through it. I send a thin stream of energy easily missed in all the chaos. 
Viktor sends his wolf sprinting towards me through the phantasm when his left arm snatches the wand from his grasp and tosses it off the platform. My Switching spell worked! I punch him in the jaw with my hand while he's still trying to process what just happened. Quickly, I send a stinger through his arm, thrashing around on my shoulder and apply a Stasis to it; preventing him from doing anything to me in response.
I Firewhip through both the approaching creature, while Krum struggles with my "renegade" arm. Wincing in pain, I realize he just broke my wrist, but it's only a token gesture, and easily enough repaired. I'm already Summoning his wand to me. He drops to his knees and shoves my arm into the fire. The rest of him is protected by the fire friend Charm. My poor arm isn't. Okay, that hurts! The wand falls and rolls towards me, but I stagger to it. His weak wandless summoner starts to move the wand, but my booted foot steps on it. A wave of my wand dispels the flames around Krum. 
Viktor's eyes display an unexpected level of malevolence. He doesn't like being beaten. Before he can do anything else to my limb, I switch our arms back as the French official declares my victory. Applying a Numbing charm to it, I follow with a Diagnostic Charm and survey the damage. 
"Winner! Hogwarts! Please return Durmstrang's wand."
I look down at the wand and am tempted to try and snap it with my boot heel. The fire stunt was unnecessary but still barely within the rules of Tournament, just the way he operates. Instead I Conjure ice around it and fashion it into a replica of the Quidditch World cup. I send the mock trophy floating back to him as he scowls at me. I'm sure he doesn't like coming in second here any more than he liked it there, except he can't blame it on his teammates. This is all on him.
My "trophy presentation" earns me a half-hearted caution from the same French judge, but I can tell even he appreciates a good insult.
------
Poppy scowls at my arm in the medical tent, "Only you could do this much damage to yourself in a victory!" The pleasant buzz of the Pain Relieving draught is setting in, and my arm smells more like a collection of medicinal creams instead of cooked chicken. I think I'll have fish in Hogsmeade this afternoon.
"I'd have faked an injury anyway. I'd rather be in here with you than outside with the masses."
She gives me a thin smile. "You did well out there, Harry. You were reckless, foolish and painfully idiotic, but simply amazing nonetheless. I'm almost beginning to wish you'd just stick to playing Quidditch. I'd thought I'd seen everything, but a Switching spell during a duel…" She trails off before finishing, "Now, keep it in a sling for the rest of the day and I'm Charming the sling to tell me if you take it off for anything other than a shower."
"It wouldn't have worked if I hadn't sold him on the illusion." We stop to listen to Bagman's commentary. Cedric just beat the already winded Athena and the cheers of the Hogwarts faithful surge through the air. Tough loss there Durmstrang, and you're supposed to be the Dueling school.
I step out of the tent after thanking Poppy again, only to find another form of torture waiting for me. "Diggory owes his victory to you, Harry. He's no match for her." Rita's silky smooth voice wafts through the air as she falls into step beside me.
"Hello Ms. Skeeter." I wondered how long she'd been waiting for me.
"So tell me Harry, why the ice trophy treatment for Krum. Payback for his cheap shot in the broom race, or his stunt with your arm attached? There's a delicious little rivalry brewing here. Care to add a little fuel to the fire?"
"He reapeth what he hath sown, Rita. If there is any underestimating next time, it'll be me underestimating him. That's all that needs to be said."
"Oh that's a juicy one. So how's the arm, Harry? Nothing to worry about I hope?"
"A little burnt and a bit worse for wear, but I'll be fine in a day or so. Next question."
Rita purses her lips. "Now, mind you, it hasn't been that long since I attended this fine school and my memory might be failing me, but I don't recall Firewhips, illusionary snakes, and lion Transfigurations on the fourth year curriculum. So where'd a powerful little heartbreaker like you come across that assorted nastiness? My readers are already in a tizzy after yesterday. Today will only add to the debate."
Might as well spread the kudos around, "Oh it's easy, when you have the smartest witch in a generation as a best friend, or teachers like McGonagall and Flitwick. With hard work and the support of good friends and teachers, a Hogwarts education is tough to beat."
"Oh, if that doesn't sound like brochure propaganda, I've never heard it! Any comment regarding Dumbledore's announcing that Francois Gauron from Beauxbatons will be filling the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts instructor for the rest of the term?"
"I must have missed that announcement. Is he the referee from my last two matches?"
"Yes."
It's a small world after all. "Well, I wish him luck and look forward to seeing him in class." Of course, I'd be liberally using the "champions can skive off class to train" perk and had been out of class more often than in, lately.
"Impressions of your competitors?"
"Which one first?" 
"Krum naturally."
I'm tempted to fake a Bulgarian accent, but I know that's not what she's looking for. I'll stay away from insulting him further. "He's a fierce competitor, who doesn't like to lose. I intend to help him get accustomed to the feeling, as often as possible."
"Manos?"
"She fought very well. The duel could have gone either way."
"Gracious. You're not trying to make an enemy out of the entire Durmstrang contingent I see. Diggory?"
"A good, decent bloke. Everything someone from Helga's house should be. I suspect he's going to be a terror with a staff in his hands."
"Delacour?"
"She's in first place in the overall competition for a reason, but there are more events to come."
"Finally, Beaucourt?"
"She's not a duelist, just like Manos wasn't a broom racer. That means she has other talents I haven't seen yet. All five of them have their strengths. They were chosen either by the Goblet or by their instructors. I have to be better if I want to win."
"Now, your opinion of Draco Malfoy and the punishment ceremony this evening? Were it not for his interference, you'd have been a perfect five and oh in this round of dueling. You reportedly challenged him to a duel to the death immediately afterwards."
I pause. Rita really wants to make something out of this. "The challenge was legal according to the archaic rules of this tournament. Mostly, it was to stifle his blustering. He is nothing, and he more than deserves any punishment the Goblet hands out tonight, but it's not his fault really."
"And whose fault would it be?"
"In my opinion, his parents, they clearly have been too focused on climbing up the social ladder than doing any actual parenting. While they were constantly in your society section, who was rearing their child? No one from the looks of things. It's a classic case of a spoiled child acting out for attention that he clearly doesn't receive at home. He seems to have this delusion that we are arch rivals. When the reality is he's just a nuisance. Frankly, if it were a choice of being raised by my Muggle relations or the Malfoys, I'd choose the Muggles." 
"Oh, that'll sting. Are you sure you want me to print that?"
"Every word, Rita. I make no secret of my dislike for so-called repentant Death Eaters. That dislike extends to my former Potion's Instructor, who apparently keeps distasteful potions readily available, like the one that the admitted thief stole from the storeroom. Frankly, I'm beginning to wonder why he bothers to lock the storeroom at all, since he obviously has no interest in securing its contents. Perhaps it's time the Board of Governor's looks into the matter and how this supposedly professional educator conducts himself?"
Rita laughs a long predatory chuckle, "Aren't you just a little spitfire today; any other knives you'd like to hurl? Dumbledore? The rest of your housemates who censured you?"
I shrug my shoulders, "No, I'm done for now, but the day is still young. You may want to check back later."
"Sum it up for me, Harry. Two events and two times you have been the recipient of either questionable tactics or outright foul play. Any concerns going forward?"
"I'd be lying if I said there weren't." 
------
Madame Rosmerta gives me a free fish lunch and my table a round of butterbeers for lunch. I guess I'm officially "abusing my celebrity" now. I learn that Aimee doesn't really like butterbeer, preferring actual wine with her meal, but Gabby Delacour greedily takes the extra one. Aimee is Gabrielle's "other sister," and since Fleur kept her date with Bill anyway, we get the eight year old as a consolation prize. The rest of my group consists of a couple of Aimee's friends, Cedric, Cho Chang, Cho's friend Marietta, a couple of other Puff's, Roger Davies, Hermione, Neville and the Turpin sisters.
We'd been talking about the duels ad nauseum, and quite frankly I was getting tired of it. Directing my attention to Hermione and the two Heads, I ask, "So, are you ready to do Hogwarts proud next week at the first Knowledge Bowl?"
Roger looks excited. "I think we match up well. Might be a letdown for the crowd after the duels and what not, but we're going to do our level best."
"Well, I'll be rooting you on."
"Thanks Harry. I appreciate that, of course with a pair of overachievers like Mindy and Hermione here, we're in good shape."
Hermione blushes furiously while Melinda smacks Roger and tells her to quit calling her Mindy – must be a story behind that. A minute or two later, Roger and Melinda excuse themselves to go wander the town in their Head capacity, with Melinda reminding me about the Apparition classes next weekend. Their spots are immediately filled by Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott.
"Congratulations on your wins, Harry! You too, Cedric!" Hannah says practically spitting the words out. Cedric gives me one of those, "I warned you, didn't I?" looks about the fourth year girls in his house idolizing me.
"Thanks. Say, what's that you're wearing there Susan?" Bones looks down and realizes that she'd been wearing one of Draco's little "Support Diggory/Potter Stinks" badges. I hadn't really paid them any mind up until now.
Susan is beet red and at a loss for words. "I, uh, err..."
"Can I see it?"
Flustered, she practically rips it off her robes. I size it up and run a Diagnostics charm over it. Gabby, sees it and laughs when it switches to "Potter Stinks". I can see the runes below doing the message. A wand wave rearranges the runes and it alters to "Potter is a Troll." That really gets the table roaring.
"What do you want it to say?" Aimee asks. It confirms my theory from Fleur's "Secret Garden" that Beaucourt is a budding enchantress.
I lean in and whisper it to her. She looks confused and makes me spell it for her. Aimee's wand moves swiftly over it. Tiny runes rearrange themselves and the writing changes to "Who is Sarah Underhill?"
Ignoring the initial questions, I think hard looking in my mind for the right charm. It's on the tip of my tongue. Ah, that's the one! "Any of you guys got another one of these?" Marietta, one of Cedric's friends, and a suddenly bashful Hannah pull theirs out. I push a lot of energy into Susan's badge, while reciting the Replication chant under my breath. Aimee and Hermione next to me shift a little, feeling the force I'm pushing into it.
Seconds later, the writing on the other three also say, "Who is Sarah Underhill?"
Smiling, I hand it back to Susan. "Do me a favor and wear it. Whenever you get within a few feet of another badge for the next few days, it'll change them too. Just leave my name out of it."
She looks suitably confused. "Sure, Harry. But who is Sarah Underhill?"
"That's the thousand galleon question. The answer's out there." Snape's days at Hogwarts are numbered and I'm starting the countdown. I'll get the Sorting Hat to help me draft my formal complaint to the Board of Governors about "Professor" Snape having that potion on hand. If there is anyone who knows the right "language" to properly convey my opinion, it's the Hat. 
------
"Let the accused come forth!" Dumbledore's voice commands. "Upon its arrival from the Ministry, Madame Maxime, Headmaster Karkaroff, and two members of the Ministry of magic have all verified that the Goblet has not been tampered with."
Draco Malfoy approaches the Goblet of Fire, lacking his usual swagger, the public display of fear is almost as good as whatever punishment is handed out. He tosses the strips of parchment written by his own hand into the basin and the Goblet roars to life.
I heard a rumor that some of the Slytherins tried to mount a campaign for a Censure vote of their own, but if it happened, it appears to have failed. The rumor itself is damaging enough to the little golden boy. According to that same rumor, it was Snape who put a stop to such talk. Lucius is a cold emotionless mask, but his wife is barely contained fury.
The Headmaster speaks solemnly, "Draco Malfoy. Place your hand on the side of the Goblet and it will judge the severity of your transgression."
There's nothing but silence in the air as we wait with baited breath. The flames change and a single wad of paper is spit out like a projectile towards Dumbledore. He unfurls it and reads the writing.
"It seems the Goblet wishes to make a statement to deter any future attempts to influence the tournament. It has selected, The Mark of the Cur as Mister Malfoy's punishment."
Over the angry denials of both Malfoy parents Hat muses to me, "Fitting wouldn't you say, HJ. He's always been envious of your scar. Now, he gets one of his own. Do you want to ask to be the one to administer it? We can make a solid case."
"Let me think it over, Hat. It's tempting, but my interview with Rita tried to marginalize the little shit. If I do it, it'll look more like a personal vendetta. Personally, I'd want to see Lucius have to do it."
"Better still, that deranged bitch he's married to."
"Good one, Hat! Now, we need to start thinking more about the Puzzle Room. I need that Pensieve."
"What do you have in mind, HJ?"
"Well, picture this…"
------
Author's notes – Well, it took a few days longer than I'd hoped to get this one ready, but I hope it was worth the wait. HJ delivered a bit of payback in this one and laid the ground work for more to come. As always, discussion of this story can be found on Darklordpotter and Fanficauthors forums. Like I stated in the previous chapter, I'll be on hiatus for the next 4 to 6 weeks to finish the first draft of my original coauthored novel, Dead Eye. When I come back it will be with Turn Me Loose Chapter 6.   
